No animals were harmed
or killed during the making of this film.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mother nature gives birth to all things.
Summer season
Rainy season
Winter season
And witching season.
A season dreaded by all.
It's the time when those who wield black magic
unleash their powers to test their might.
Those with bad luck may fall victim.
- ending up cursed or worse.
- Close the shop! Go home!
Hurry up! Leave now!
I'll do your hair tomorrow. just leave!
I'm closing the shop.
The ominous wind drifts by
like a whisper of death itself.
Push. push. Nuan. push!
And I was born on that day.
Push. push. push!
Yes. push. push!
Yes. Nuan! Just a little more!
Push now!
It's coming out! It's coming out!
Push!
Coming out! Coming out! Coming out!
You devil child!
"9 years later"
Wanna buy ducks? Chickens? Ducks?
Ducks! Ducks!
I know that one is old.
These are fresh. I tell you.
Thank you.
What's your name?
Alright. let me name you.
From now on. your name will be Panor
so people will love and adore you.
Hold out your hand.
May you be a good child.
Live long. healthy and prosper.
Father!
Abbot! Are you okay?
Oh no. Abbot! I can't touch him.
Father!
Nuan. I told you not to bring
this devil child here.
Father!
You jinx.
What happened to him?
PANOR
"Grade 12"
"Panor Boonsuk"
Another round! Do it again!
- Jump. jump!
- One. two. three!
Right! Score!
Bring it on!
He's good!
Left!
You're the best. Pong!
Come on. let's go again.
Wow. so bold.
Everyone in the school knows who Pong belongs to.
She's such a slut.
Want me to slap her. Jib?
No need.
Heading home. kids?
Tuck your shirts in properly.
Ten-minute break. drink some water.
then we'll play again.
Alright. thank you.
Pong. here's your drink.
Oh. the ground swallowed her up!
A fallen angel. hm?
Are you okay?
Get up.
What's up with her?
What?
Shit. go get the teacher. hurry!
Stop scratching!
What happened to her?
I don't know.
Take Chompoo to the infirmary.
Why are you standing in the way. you jinx? Move!
Go away!
Here. iced black coffee!
Thanks. uncle.
Be careful. don't spill it.
Alright.
What would you like?
Thanks a lot.
For last week's steamed fish curry.
Thank you. aunty.
Yeah.
You gave me too much.
Keep it. Consider it a gift.
Thank you.
I think you should
make 2-3 more kinds of desserts.
I'll help you sell them.
Alright.
Your mother is something else.
She doesn't do anything all day.
just leaves her kid to make a living.
Are you finishing highschool this year?
Have you decided what to study next?
I'm going to take the exam to become a teacher.
I want to be a teacher.
Good. good.
I think you'll do well.
Study hard.
I'll be going now. aunt Yam.
Steamed fish curry!
- Here you go
- Two packets.
"Trisoon Photo"
Transferring during mid year...
must have been a hassle with all the paperwork.
I'm used to it. My dad moves a lot.
Well. if he's getting promoted. then it's worth.
But you probably don't have many friends. right?
It's done now.
Your steamed fish curry. uncle Tri.
Oh. Panor!
Uncle. here is my friend.
Aren't you going to smile for the photo?
Why aren't you smiling?
Like this. show your teeth! Smile!
Yeah. Hands on your hips!
Ready?
Smile.
Keep smiling... one... two...
Three!
Damn you!
Where are you going?
I give up!
Give me the money!
This is just the interest.
Make sure to repay Mr. Kieng in full.
Piak. watch out!
Police!
Police! Police!
Don't touch me!
Wanna kill me?
Kill me then!
Just like you killed my mom!
Devil child! Why are you here?
Is Piak around? I brought desserts for him.
I told you not to get near my son.
Get out. you jinx! Go away!
Panor!
Go!
Mom!
Panor. what did you do to her?
Mom! Mom!
- Devil child. you killed my wife!
- Mom!
Mom. what's wrong? Mom!
That's why Piak hates me.
Are you scared of me now?
No. of course not.
Who would ever?
Let them think what they want.
I'm lucky to be friends with a witch.
Panor. I saw Piak get stabbed. but he wasn't hurt.
Does Piak use black magic too?
Here. take it. I'm not eating it.
(Chanting)
Like someone about to drown
♪ Struggling desperately to swim to the shore ♪
♪ If you don't shun the broken-hearted ♪
♪ Please lift the fallen ♪
♪ pull me to the shore of your heart ♪
♪ I feel like I'm drifting.
drifting amidst a sea of tears ♪
♪ Hoping the sky will have mercy ♪
♪ Let me survive ♪
♪ If there's true love... ♪
I'll be with you soon. my child.
What are you doing. Mom?
Please don't do this. I'm begging you.
Let go of me.
Whose body? Who is he?
This guy's name is Tos. Inspector.
He sells fish at the market.
He's been fishing since he was a kid.
Judging by the state of the body. he didn't drown.
Aum. do you know anything about this?
Last night. I was just drinking with him as usual.
Before he left. he said
he'd go fishing near Nuan's house.
Nuan's house?
Oh?
Inspector!
Look at this.
I think Tos definitely was cursed.
Panor. you killed my husband. huh?!
Panor!
You wicked!
You killed my husband!
I'm gonna kill you!
Panor!
Panor! I'm gonna kill you!
You wicked girl!
Let's sit here.
Everyone's crazy here.
How can they suddenly accuse you?
That guy really looked like he was cursed. Taew.
What did you find out. Panor? Tell me.
I dreamed that I followed a man
to an abandoned temple.
He had the same tattoo as that body.
Did you see his face?
No. but I remember the tattoo.
Can you draw it?
How about we go to the abandoned temple?
If we find anything. I can show it to my dad.
Come on. let's go.
Ow.
What's wrong?
Oh?
It looks very painful.
Is it usually this bad?
This never happened before.
What? Is this your first period?
Thanks.
Do you know how to use it?
I'll try.
Is your stomach still hurting?
Wait here. I'll go buy some painkiller.
Auntie. can you watch Panor? I'll go get medicine.
Sure. sure.
What are you even doing here?
Go. this has nothing to do with men. Go.
- It's women's stuff.
- But it's exciting. Panor's now a woman.
Taew.
- Yes?
- What are you doing here?
Talk later. Dad. I'm in a hurry.
- Let's go. sarge.
- Yes. sir.
Sorry. sir.
I need to get going.
(Chanting)
Taew! Taew!
Taew. what's wrong?
Taew. Taew. Taew!
Panor. help me!
Panor. I found the man with the tattoo!
Taew!
Taew. Taew. Taew!
Taew! Taew!
Sarge. pull over.
I heard someone scream.
Taew!
Taew. Taew. Taew!
Taew. Taew!
What are you doing?
What's going on?
Taew!
Taew. Taew!
Panor! Let go of my girl!
Let go! If you don't. I'll shoot!
Inspector. she's just a kid.
Go get her.
Taew!
Taew. Taew!
Let go! I'm trying to help Taew!
What's the cause of death. doctor?
Your daughter died from massive blood loss.
Her body suffered severe lacerations.
Starting from the throat. esophagus.
stomach. intestines.
all the way to the vaginal area.
Did you find any weapon at the scene. sir?
I only saw the girl. Panor. choking my daughter.
What kind of weapon could cause such injuries?
Get out of there.
I didn't kill Taew.
I was trying to save her.
Leave before I change my mind.
Why are you letting her go so easily. sir?
We don't have evidence against her yet.
But if it turns out to be true.
I won't let it slide.
Come here!
I sent you to school.
all you do is cause problems!
Damn curse!
I didn't kill Taew!
The tattooed man did it!
Don't get involved with anyone.
if you don't want to see them die.
Mom!
Mom. open the door!
"Your daughter started her period. It's time."
"Take care of her."
Mom!
Mom. I heard something.
What's that chant. Mom?
Old Yim!
"Grade 12"
- Have you heard about Taew yet?
- What happened?
Her body is horrifying.
Her whole body. arms.
and legs were covered in wounds.
Blood everywhere.
Just thinking about it gives me chills.
Curly?
Is it Curly?
What did she do?
Don't you worry. Taew.
Whoever it is.
I'll drag him out and make him pay.
She's gorgeous.
She's like an angel.
She's pretty.
You don't need to do school chores.
Don't you know boys are crazy about you now?
You can boss them around all you want.
Then...
Can you do something for me. Pong?
Sure.
What do you need?
I heard there used to be a temple on this island.
But every monk who stayed there died.
So. it's abandoned.
It's not abandoned.
People still come here.
Jib.
Thank you. Pong.
I believe now that you really love me.
You were talking to Panor. Do you like her?
No. why would I like her?
Prove it.
I've done as I promised.
Don't forget to tell your dad
to clear my family's debt.
Sure.
Where are you going?
Come here.
Let me go!
Where are you going?
- Come here.
- Come here!
Let go!
Come here.
Sit quietly.
Grab her. come on!
Why are you resisting?
- Get off of me!
- Stay still!
Let go! Let go!
So strong. huh?
Nue. come help!
Hey!
Who the fuck?
Piak
Pong
Pong. are you okay? Pong.
You were talking to Panor. Do you like her?
No.
why would I like her?
Prove it.
Thank you.
Don't think I'm being nice to you.
The only one who can torment you is me.
Stand up for yourself.
Stop letting them bully you.
If you don't want to be bullied...
make it so no one dares to mess with you.
Piak beat us up good.
Damn. now he knows how to fight.
What the fuck?
What's got into you. Panor?
Fuck off!
No!
I hurt some people at school.
I've tried...
But I couldn't control myself.
At least you didn't do anything worse.
Forgive them. will you?
The control totem is strong this time. Father.
Please endure it.
(A prayer)
(Chanting)
Uncle Tri.
You're safe now. Panor.
I told you to take care of her. And you couldn't!
Mom!
Take this!
Damn it!
Why are you hurting my mother?
Your mother?
She doesn't think of herself
as your mother. Panor.
She was just hired to give birth to you. you fool.
Your job here is done. Get the fuck out of here.
Go!
Mom.
It's your turn to take over your mother's duties.
You've wasted 18 years of my life. Panor.
Let me go.
You... You're the one who killed Taew!
You're why Taew died.
Let go!
Come with me.
Mom. what's this all about?
Don't ask right now.
Panor. get down.
Panor. down!
Ah!
Mom!
Ow! Ow!
Get away!
Mom!
Help us!
Help!
Mom. mom. mom. hurry!
Mom!
Nuan.
Please take care of my child.
I'm sorry. my child.
Mom! Mom!
Oi!
Hey. Piak. what are you doing here?
What are you doing here. sarge?
What's with you?
The whole market is in chaos now. Pla is dead.
That Jib girl is making a ruckus
that Panor cursed Pla.
Sarge. search throughly.
Yes. sir.
Sarge.
Nothing's in the room.
- Upstairs.
- Yes. sir.
What the hell is this?
Sarge.
Yes. sir.
Damn!
He said...
Mom was hired to carry me.
What does that mean. Auntie?
There it goes.
What's all this about. Abbot?
Nuan wanted to be a singer.
But Pa and Ma wouldn't have it.
so she ran away from home.
She planned to move to Bangkok
to follow her dream.
Until one day...
She encountered those cultists.
They offered her a large sum of money
to...
carry a child.
Some black magic cults
have a way to preserve their powers from fading
by storing them in a woman's womb.
so the child born would inherit their magic.
The child corpse must have been...
drained by Panor while they were in the womb.
All the magic. therefore. remains within Panor.
Nuan wrote letters to me for a while.
You can read them yourself.
My life is over.
The child they wanted... died in the womb.
I can't go anywhere
until I raise another child
to be old enough to have a child for them.
What should I do?
Ever since that cursed one was born...
my life has been nothing but misery.
It was born to ruin my life.
I hate her. Ni.
I've never thought of her as my child.
But you know?
No matter how cruel I am to her.
she never complains.
She loves me
and never leaves me.
Every time I see she studying hard.
I feel so guilty toward her.
Does she know how terrible the future will be?
After everything I've done to her. Ni.
Should I hate her
or love her?
I'm sorry. my child.
Mom. mom. mom. mom!
Mom. mom. mom!
(Chanting)
Come here.
Panor!
Panor! Panor. girl.
Hold on. Panor.
They're trying to pull it back.
Stay strong. my child!
(Chanting)
Let it go!
Panor! No!
You dare fight me?
Let it go!
No! Don't do this!
Ma. help me!
- Stay strong!
- Help me!
The only way to save you...
You have to unleash the power within you.
But remember this...
The power will stay with you
until the day you die.
(Chanting)
Are you fighting me?
Come!
(Chanting)
Taew!
You want me to become a demon!
Then I'll become a demon!
Panor!
Father...
What did Panor do to you?
Panor can extract curses from others
and contain them within herself.
When she realized she had this ability.
she kept secretly helping me.
On the day your mother died.
Panor was actually trying to save her.
Every time Panor pulls something
out of someone else
and keeps it within herself.
it is excruciatingly painful.
but she never tells anyone.
Panor. get off!
Mom!
I never knew how the love potion
that I secretly made...
- ...ended up with your mom.
- Desire my flesh. yearn for me.
Caress my soul.
Why didn't you tell me. dad?
I was scared.
I'm sorry. son.
Thank you.
Don't think I'm being nice to you.
The only one who can torment you is me.
Where are you going?
I'll hunt down Panor. We've underestimated her.
She's awakened the third eye now.
Before. she didn't know how to use her magic.
I won't let her keep what we entrusted to her.
No. You stay here.
Right now. her magic is unstable.
Soon. she'll come to you herself.
(Chanting)
Can you stay a little longer?
Dad rarely comes home late.
Don't rush back just yet.
Why so quiet?
Are you thinking about Panor?
You're being so jealous.
I told you I don't like her.
You know that. Jib.
Don't overthink it.
You aren't. right?
Pong
Have you heard the rumors?
That she fought with her mom.
They said the place was swimming with blood.
I think they're right.
Why?
You miss her?
Are you crazy?
Who would miss her?
It's good that she's gone.
If she comes back.
she's in for trouble.
Aren't you afraid of her?
She uses dark magic.
I'm not afraid.
I have the good stuff.
Black dog's blood
to break curses.
You're so resourceful.
Alright.
I need to head home.
Yeah.
Go.
I'm going.
See you later.
Panor!
You do miss me. don't you?
Well. here I am.
(Chanting)
It's Pla's ashes.
Why scared?
Isn't she your personal hairstylist?
(Chanting)
You already have Jib. don't you?
This's the village chief's daughter.
and just moved in.
She's incredibly beautiful.
How could I let her slip through my fingers?
You're aiming high.
(Chanting)
The "Horse Courting Maiden" yantra.
...is the ultimate in love magic.
But it's pricey. alright?
I'll spare no expense.
(Chanting)
Fine!
Uncle. wait for me.
You're smart.
fast learner.
but beating me is another story.
How dare you use my own spells against me. Panor?
You killed my mother.
You killed my friend.
If anyone's going to kill you. it's me.
After I extract the magic.
you'll suffer worse than your mother!
Using cloaking magic on me. Panor?
Black dog's blood?
Bitch!
You've been doing this vile stuff
for a long time. haven't you?
Who's this kid?
He's your damn father. Panor.
Father?
The one who turned me into a demon?
Pong...
I love you. Pong.
Don't leave me. Pong.
Pong.
-Pong
-Let go!
Let me go! Let me go!
Pong!
No! Get off! Get off!
Panor!
I'm sorry.
Panor. Panor!
Calm down. calm down.
The police are handling it now.
My daughter is missing.
The hell is the police doing?!
- And what about our daughters?
- Go find her.
Calm down. Mr. Kieng.
If anyone finds Jib and the other missing kids.
the patrol will report it right away.
And what are you sitting around? Go!
Sir. there's a lot of work at the station.
- What's going on?
- My child is missing!
Missing children. Inspector.
Panor! Panor!
Please let me go. Panor. Please!
I didn't mean to.
Jib made me do it.
Jib made me do it!
I swear. Panor!
I'm... I'm sorry.
Please just let me go.
Panor. please.
Those legs you use for rattan ball.
I don't think you'll be needing them anymore.
No! No!
No! Panor!
No!
Panor.
Panor! Panor!
No. no. Panor.
Don't do this to me. Panor.
Panor!
Let's take a couple photo.
One. two. three.
Bind together...
so you stay still for the photo.
You make a lovely pair.
Smile!
One. two. three!
There it is. Principal.
The light is flickering. Principal.
I'll process the order for a new light bulb.
and then you replace it
Yes. sir.
But...
What's that smell?
Didn't you take out the trash this evening?
I did. sir. Took it out earlier.
No idea where the smell is coming from.
Then where could it be coming from?
Why don't you open the room?
Alright.
I thought I locked it earlier.
Did you forget?
Janitor.
Ghosts! Ghosts! Ghosts!
Ghosts!
Hey!
"Bueng Prakan School"
"National Children's Day 1985"
"Unity. Discipline. Culture. Moral'"
(Chanting)
We've got six cases reported so far.
Yes. sir.
Three boys and three girls. sir.
- Yes. sir.
- Police! Police!
I'll call you back. sir.
There's dead students at the school!
What?
Corporal. sergeant. to the school now! Go!
Yes. sir!
- Hurry up. follow them!
- Is it our child?
Sergeant. follow me.
Yes. sir.
- Search everywhere. sarge.
- Yes. sir.
What's going on. Inspector?
Where's Panor?
Four kids who had problems with Panor
were killed at the school.
Inspector! Inspector!
Inspector!
What's going on. sarge?
Shit!
Inspector.
What?
Whoa.
Inspector! Inspector!
I found photos that could be... Argh!
That's Uncle Tri!
Who's that boy?
Why are they so respectful of him?
I believe these two were killed
because of Panor's vengeance.
But with Tri. there might be another reason.
I didn't kill Taew.
I tried to save her.
I think Tos definitely was cursed.
Before he left. he said
he'd go fishing near Nuan's house.
I've told you.
That girl and her mother are into dark magic.
Some black magic cults
have a way to preserve their powers
so the child born would inherit their magic.
I think these photos
have something to do with Panor.
(Chanting)
This year's "witching season"
will be intense. Principal.
Here. take it.
- Thank you. master.
- To protect yourself.
Are you sure that Panor will come here?
Alright. next.
All the villagers have gathered here today.
I believe Panor will come looking
for those with the tattoos.
But how do we know which is which?
There're so many people.
Steamed fish curry. coming through!
Bring it here!
Hello. teacher.
Hello.
How's Nid? Has he stopped drinking yet?
- Where were you. Teacher Kwan?
- Getting food.
This steamed fish curry is so delicious.
If we don't quickly get some. it'll all be gone.
Thank you so much.
Let's eat together.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. Have some water.
I think I'll try the dessert first.
I have a sweet tooth.
(Chanting)
I'll cut. I'll slash
And send evil spirits to torment
Making it unbearable for you to stay
What the hell is happening?
I have no idea.
They suddenly acted up.
Someone must be behind this. Inspector.
Panor is targeting those people.
You must stop her.
Don't let her cause more harm.
Go.
Hey. enough! What are you doing?
Inspector!
Stop!
(Chanting)
Panor. will you stop?
It's too late.
Those I respected...
turned out to be the ones
who hurt me from the start.
They deserve to die.
Don't hurt more people. Panor.
(Chanting)
Teacher?
Stop!
Come with me.
and I'll spare this insolent boy's life.
Run!
No!
No
So?
No!
I give up.
Let him go.
Come on. let's go.
Don't expect me to spare your life.
Stop! Don't come any closer.
Drop the knife!
Abbot. please help Piak.
Piak. don't die. Piak!
Abbot. help my son. Hang on. son.
Stay strong. Piak.
Abbot. help him!
Hang in there. Piak. Don't die.
Abbot! Please help him!
Hang in there.
Abbot! Don't die. Piak.
Piak. don't die.
Piak. hang in there. Hang in there.
Abbot! Abbot!
Piak!
Piak! Piak
(Chanting)
It's still not out.
Don't be afraid.
I promise no one will harm you anymore.
For the next nine months.
you'll be cared for by us
With love.
Love?
Yes.
You're my father.
my teacher.
and now you want to fuck me?
You are...
a fucking demon
raping your own child!
Don't think of it like that. Panor.
Once I pass my power to the successor.
I'll leave this world.
And the child...
will become like a father to everyone here.
Take good care of my child.
You see women...
as nothing but vessels
for your depraved lineage?
I curse you!
I curse you all!
To die painful death!
Suffer in hell for eternity!
It's the fetus that was born alongside Panor.
Piak
Stay strong.
- Hang in there.
- Within these remains are traces of their dark magic.
It might counter the spell casted on your son.
Eat it.
-Eat it. Piak
-Hold on.
Eat it.
Piak. hang in there.
(Chanting)
Hang in there. Piak!
Piak!
It's out.
Are you alright?
It's out. Ma.
It's out. finally.
Piak
Piak? Piak?
What are you doing?
I'm going to go save Panor.
Piak. where are you going?
Piak!
No! Drop your weapon!
No one can stop me!
Stop! Watch out! Watch out!
Watch out!
(Chanting)
What the fuck?
Don't think you can escape.
Wait till I take back what's mine
then you can die.
(Chanting)
You're asking for death.
Haven't you learned your lesson?
Hey!
(Chanting)
Are you alright?
Are you okay?
(Chanting)
Let's get out of here.
Piak!
How did you survive?
Hand over what you have inside you.
or this brat dies.
Hurry!
Don't!
No! Panor! No!
Quick!
No. Panor! No!
(Chanting)
Let me go!
Panor.
Stab me with that bamboo spear.
My blood can stop him.
Trust me.
hurry!
Piak
Even if you defeat me...
What's mine...
will never leave.
Then I'll take your precious powers myself.
Remember this:
It will stay with you until the day you die.
Panor. what are you doing?
I return this power to the Three-Eyed Deity.
(Chanting)
Help me.
He's lucky it didn't hit a vital spot.
Doctor said with some rest. he'll recover soon.
Thank you so much. Inspector.
This cult has been exploiting
the villagers for a long time.
They live among them.
and no one knows who they really are.
So. that means...
the spells casted on you were their doing.
Yes.
They don't want monks or temples here.
They use greed and desire to trap people
in dark magic.
Aunty
How is Panor doing?
Panor is like a light born in the darkness.
Isn't that right. Abbot?
Now you must see that
everything Panor has done
was to help the villagers
escape the cult's control.
What about Panor now? What will you do?
How is Panor doing?
Piak. Panor has been through a lot.
She probably has her reasons for what she did.
Just let it go. son.
Panor. how do you feel?
Can you get up?
Where am I?
And...
Who are you?
Her story isn't over yet... Please remain seated.
Quiet down. You're not kids anymore.
What are you doing? It's a mess.
Today we're learning sentence structure.
Hey. I'm standing right here. Show some respect.
Remember. we are here to become teachers.
If you behave poorly.
how can you teach others well?
Now let's look at the sentences.
From yesterday exercise...
Question one. answer is B.
You filthy lots!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm